Add minimal DiffBot example (#125)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: README.md

This repository provides the following simple example robots: a 2 degrees of freedom manipulator - *RRBot* - and a mobile differential drive base - *DiffBot*.

> ## *RRBot*

Author: ```suggestion
## *RRBot*

*RRBot*, or ''Revolute-Revolute Manipulator Robot'', is a simple 3-linkage, 2-joint arm that we will use to demonstrate various features.
It is essentially a double inverted pendulum and demonstrates some fun control concepts within a simulator and was originally introduced for Gazebo tutorials.
The *RRBot* URDF files can be found in the `urdf` folder of `rrbot_description` package.
```

1. To start *DiffBot* example open open a terminal, source your ROS2-workspace and execute its launch file with:
   ```
   ros2 launch ros2_control_demo_bringup diffbot.launch.py
   ```
   The launch file loads and starts the robot hardware, controllers and opens `RViz`.
   In starting terminal you will see a lot of output from the hardware implementation showing its internal states.
   This is only of exemplary purpuses and should be avoided as much as possible in a hardware interface implementation.

   If you can see an orange box in `RViz` everything has started properly.
   Still, to be sure, let's introspect the control system before moving *DiffBot*.

1. Check if the hardware interface loaded properly, by opening another terminal and executing:
   ```
   ros2 control list_hardware_interfaces
   ```
   You should get:
   ```
   command interfaces
        left_wheel_joint/velocity [claimed]
        right_wheel_joint/velocity [claimed]
   state interfaces
         left_wheel_joint/position
         left_wheel_joint/velocity
         right_wheel_joint/position
         right_wheel_joint/velocity
   ```

>    Marker `[claimed]` by command interfaces means that a controller has access to command *DiffBot*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `[claimed]` marker on command interfaces means that a controller has access to command *DiffBot*.
```

> 1. Check is controllers are running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check if controllers are running:
```

   ```
   ros2 control list_controllers
   ```
   You should get:
   ```
   diffbot_base_controller[diff_drive_controller/DiffDriveController] active
   joint_state_broadcaster[joint_state_broadcaster/JointStateBroadcaster] active
   ```

> 1. If you get output from above you can send a command to *Diff Drive Controller* using ros2 cli interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If everything is fine, now you can send a command to *Diff Drive Controller* using ros2 cli interface:
```

The robot is basically a box moving according to differential drive kinematics.
The *DiffBot* URDF files can be found in `urdf` folder of `diffbot_description` package.

1. To check that *DiffBot* description is working properly use following launch commands:
   ```
   ros2 launch diffbot_description view_robot.launch.py
   ```
   **NOTE**: Getting the following output in terminal is OK: `Warning: Invalid frame ID "odom" passed to canTransform argument target_frame - frame does not exist`.

>              This happens because `joint_state_publisher_gui` node need some time to start.

Author: Can you paste your error here?

1. Check if the hardware interface loaded properly, by opening another terminal and executing:
   ```
   ros2 control list_hardware_interfaces
   ```
   You should get:
   ```
   command interfaces
        left_wheel_joint/velocity [claimed]
        right_wheel_joint/velocity [claimed]
   state interfaces
         left_wheel_joint/position
         left_wheel_joint/velocity
         right_wheel_joint/position
         right_wheel_joint/velocity
   ```
   The `[claimed]` marker on command interfaces means that a controller has access to command *DiffBot*.

1. Check if controllers are running:
   ```
   ros2 control list_controllers
   ```
   You should get:
   ```
   diffbot_base_controller[diff_drive_controller/DiffDriveController] active
   joint_state_broadcaster[joint_state_broadcaster/JointStateBroadcaster] active
   ```

1. If everything is fine, now you can send a command to *Diff Drive Controller* using ros2 cli interface:
   ```
   ros2 topic pub --rate 30 /diffbot_base_controller/cmd_vel_unstamped geometry_msgs/msg/Twist "linear:
    x: 0.7
    y: 0.0
    z: 0.0
   angular:
    x: 0.0
    y: 0.0
    z: 1.0"
    ```
   You should now see an orange box circling in `RViz`.

>    Also, you should see changing states in the termnal where launch file is started.

Author: ```suggestion
   Also, you should see changing states in the terminal where launch file is started.
```
